[9.0][tizen-core][add] Add a new main loop model (#1949)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/applications/tizen-core/tizen-core.md

The following are functions provided by Tizen Core for inter-thread communication and event delivery.
 - **[Tizen Core Channel](./tizen-core-channel.md)**: Provides a thread-safe communication method between threads.
 - **[Tizen Core Event](./tizen-core-event.md)**: Provides the ability to deliver events to specific tasks.

## Preparation
To use the Tizen Core API, you must include the `tizen_core.h` header, as shown below:
```c
#include <tizen_core.h>
```

## Initializing Tizen Core
Before using Tizen core, Call `tizen_core_init()` as shown below:
```c
#include <tizen_core.h>

int main(int argc, char **argv)
{
  tizen_core_init();
  // ...
  return 0;
}
```

## Shutting down Tizen Core
When Tizen Core is no longer needed, shut down Tizen Core with the code below:
```c
#include <tizen_core.h>

int main(int argc, char **argv)
{
  tizen_core_init();
  // ...
  tizen_core_shutdown();
  return 0;
}
```

## Managing Tizen Core tasks
This section will cover creating, executing, and terminating tizen_core_task_h objects. It will also cover obtaining `tizen_core_h` from `tizen_core_task_h` and adding idle jobs, timers, and sources to the main loop.

### Creating a Task

> Here's an example on how to create a `tizen_core_task_h` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example on how to create a `tizen_core_task_h` object:
```

Author: Done

```c
{
  tizen_core_task_h task = NULL;
  int ret;

  ret = tizen_core_task_create("task1", true, &task);
  if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
    dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to create task. error=%d", ret);
    return;
  }
}
```
`task` was created with the name "task1" and configured to use its own thread.
The created `task` handle should be removed using `tizen_core_task_destroy()` when it is no longer needed.

### Running a task

> In this example, we'll cover the code to execute a previously created task using `tizen_core_task_run()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we'll cover the code to execute a previously created task using `tizen_core_task_run()`:
```

Author: Done

```c
{
  int ret;

  ret = tizen_core_task_run(task);
  if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
    dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to run task. error=%d", ret);
    return;
  }
}
```
`task` creates and runs a thread named "task1". After calling `tizen_core_task_run()`, the thread is created and the loop starts running.

### Checking if a task is running

> An example of checking if a task is running using `tizen_core_task_is_running()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of checking if a task is running using `tizen_core_task_is_running()`:
```

Author: Done

```c
static void check_task_running_state(tizen_core_task_h task)
{
  bool running = false;
  int ret;

  ret = tizen_core_task_is_running(task, &running);
  if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
    dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to check whether the task is running or not. error=%d", ret);
    return;
  }

  dlog_print(DLOG_INFO, LOG_TAG, "Task is %s", running ? "running" : "not running");
}
```
If the task is running, the log message "Task is running" is printed using dlog.

### Exiting a task

> An example of exiting a running task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of exiting a running task:
```

Author: Done

```c
{
  bool running = false;
  int ret;

  tizen_core_task_is_running(task, &running);
  if (running) {
    ret = tizen_core_task_quit(task);
    if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
      dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to exit the loop of the task. error=%d", ret);
      return;
    }
  }

  // ...
}
```
In this example, the `task` checks if it is running before exiting. When `tizen_core_task_quit()` is called, the loop ends and the created thread is cleaned up.

### Getting the core handle

> An example of getting a `tizen_core_h` handle from a `tizen_core_task_h` handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of getting a `tizen_core_h` handle from a `tizen_core_task_h` handle:
```

Author: Done

```c
{
  tizen_core_h core = NULL;
  int ret;

  ret = tizen_core_task_get_tizen_core(task, &core);
  if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
    dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to get tizen core. error=%d", ret);
    return;
  }
}
```

> A `tizen_core_h` can also be found by name. The next example shows how to find the `tizen_core_h` of a `tizen_core_task_h` created earlier with the name "task1".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `tizen_core_h` can also be found by name. The next example shows how to find the `tizen_core_h` of a `tizen_core_task_h` created earlier with the name "task1":
```

Author: Done

```c
{
  tizen_core_h core = NULL;
  int ret;

  ret = tizen_core_find("task1", &core);
  if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
    dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to find tizen core from name('task1'). error=%d", ret);
    return;
  }
}
```

> You can obtain the tizen core information of the current thread through the API like so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can obtain the Tizen Core information of the current thread through the API by using the following code:
```

Author: Done

## Adding a timer to Tizen Core
Here's an example of registering a timer that calls the callback every 100 ms.
```c
static bool timer_cb(void *user_data)
{
  dlog_print(DLOG_INFO, LOG_TAG, "timer_cb is called");
  return true;
}

static tizen_core_source_h add_timer(tizen_core_h core)
{
  tizen_core_source_h source = NULL;
  int ret;

  ret = tizen_core_add_timer(core, 100, timer_cb, NULL, &source);
  if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
    dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to add timer. error=%d", ret);
    return NULL;
  }

  return source;
}
```
If the registered timer source is no longer needed, you should remove it by calling `tizen_core_remove_source()`.

## Removing a source from Tizen Core
To remove a source registered with `tizen_core_add_idle_job()` or `tizen_core_add_timer()`, use `tizen_core_remove_source()` as follows:
```c
{
  int ret;

  ret = tizen_core_remove_source(core, source);
  if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
    dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to remove source. error=%d", ret);
    return;
  }
}
```

## Managing Tizen Core sources
### Creating a poll file descriptor

> This example covers creating a `tizen_core_poll_fd_h`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example covers creating a `tizen_core_poll_fd_h`:
```

Author: Done

```c
static tizen_core_poll_fd_h create_poll_fd(int fd, uint16_t events)
{
  tizen_core_poll_fd_h poll_fd = NULL;
  int ret;

  ret = tizen_core_poll_fd_create(&poll_fd);
  if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
    dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to create poll fd. error=%d", ret);
    return NULL;
  }

  ret = tizen_core_poll_fd_set_fd(poll_fd, fd);
  if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
    dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to set fd(%d) to poll fd. error=%d", fd, ret);
    tizen_core_poll_fd_destroy(poll_fd);
    return NULL;
  }

  ret = tizen_core_poll_fd_set_events(poll_fd, events);
  if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
    dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to set request events. error=%d", ret);
    tizen_core_poll_fd_destroy(poll_fd);
    return NULL;
  }

  return poll_fd;
}
```
The created `poll_fd` handle can be registered to a source using `tizen_core_source_add_poll()`.
When the `poll_fd` is no longer needed, you must call `tizen_core_poll_fd_destroy()`.

### Creating a source and registering a poll file descriptor

> This example registers the poll fd created in the previous example to a source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example registers the poll fd created in the previous example to a source:
```

Author: Done

    tizen_core_source_destroy(source);
    return NULL;
  }

  ret = tizen_core_add_source(core, source);
  if (ret != TIZEN_CORE_ERROR_NONE) {
    dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "Failed to add source to core. error=%d", ret);
    tizen_core_source_remove_poll(source, poll_fd);
    tizen_core_source_destroy(source);
    return NULL;
  }

  return source;
}
```
This example registers the poll fd to a source and adds the source to the "task1" core.
The source begins polling the fd. You should call `tizen_core_remove_source()` to remove the source added with `tizen_core_add_source()` when it is no longer needed.

### Registering callbacks and controlling events
In case of file descriptor sources, the `tizen_core_source_prepare_cb()` function usually returns 'false' because we have to wait until poll() gets called before knowing whether or not we should process any events. We set the returned timeout value to -1 indicating we don't care how long the poll() call block lasts. The `tizen_core_source_check_cb()` function tests the result of the poll() call to verify if the required condition is met and returns 'true' if it does.

> This example demonstrates registering `tizen_core_source_prepare_cb()`, `tizen_core_source_check_cb()`, `tizen_core_source_dispatch_cb()`, `tizen_core_source_finalize_cb()` functions and reading data from the fd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates registering `tizen_core_source_prepare_cb()`, `tizen_core_source_check_cb()`, `tizen_core_source_dispatch_cb()`, `tizen_core_source_finalize_cb()` functions and reading data from the fd:
```

Author: Done
